# What Are We Building?
Okay, this is an application which allows users to essentially upload html files to an admin section of a website which then updates the actual site itself. It runs on Bun 1.2.0 or greater due to Bun's ability to serve static html via `bun ./some_dir/**/*.html` which will start a local static server on port 3000. But the real kicker is that this server works as a REPL and is live. So modifications to the target directory are seen instantly. This allows us to create an admin section which can them drop files in at certain paths or delete files, enabling us to make instant changes to the server. This is not all the features, but it gives you a general impression of my first thoughts regarding the project. It may have more things like components or even server-side actions. I am not sure yet. But as of now it's just intended to help me make quick updates to my personal websites. That's really the whole deal.

# Modular Code
I want my code to be modular please. That means we should always take careful consideration where we ought to place things in the file system. For this project, I have the `./pkg` directory which is to contain submodules which work together to accomplish the goal of this application. I may have a module responsible for creating initalization directories and such. That might live in `./pkg/dir` or something like that. That may not be the exact name, but you get what I mean. I do not want a whole bunch of files dumped into `./pkg` because this project is expected to grow and will need room for more submodules as we progress. Just trying to avoid the headache of modularizing later down the line and refactoring.